If you've gone the other route of not looking at the GitHub instance,
which is fine, you can navigate to the Home page for this course and
choose the Exercise files and Download exercise files,
and we'll download a ZIP file of all the before and
afters for each module that we've done.
Once that is finished downloading,
you can open it up and see there's a folder for each
module. It has a before and an after,
as well as a setup.doc. I'm not going to go through and re‑duplicate
from here how to set that up inside of the IDE because it's the exact
same as the GitHub demo from this point.
So if you need to see how to set up the Tomcat instance or
configure Maven and that type of stuff,
you just go through and follow those same set of instructions, and the setup.doc will explain that as well.